so about dear sister here departed we
therefore commit her body to the ground
why did you bury the rabbit the creature
is killed I return it to the earth I
bury them the animals need help people
no value at all as far as I'm concerned
now let me spell it out for you
do you like love early rules
there are certain special hospitals
where people like you can go he's done
$70 follow him do you think gonna come
as I've told you he's like they really
hates me
a few important things you have to
remember first one is never talk to
anyone about the work what about me
second one is never kill any living
thing watch me get up
I never wanted any of this to happen
it's like I could see for the first time
he'll destroy you Bobby
you